feat: option to obfuscate redis arguments (#737)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-ruby: instrumentation/redis/README.md

end
```

### Configuration options

```ruby
OpenTelemetry::SDK.configure do |c|
  c.use 'OpenTelemetry::Instrumentation::Redis', {
    # The obfuscation of arguments in the db.statement attribute is disabled by default.
    # To enable, set enable_arg_obfuscation to true.

>     enable_arg_obfuscation: false,

Reviewer: It's unfortunate that we chose to call the config option for MySQL and Postgres `enable_sql_obfuscation`. I wonder if we'd be better off renaming those and this option to `enable_statement_obfuscation`, both for consistency and because we're obfuscating the `db.statement` attribute.

Reviewer 2: This should be true by default (and should be true for the others as well), following a "secure by default" mindset.

Author: I agree with you both here. Speaking from my own experience it’s better to not leave this as an opt-in as a security incident will soon follow.

I can change it to `disable_statement_obfuscation` if there’s consensus.

Reviewer: > I can change it to `disable_statement_obfuscation` if there’s consensus.

Please do 🙏

Reviewer: Alternatively, just change the default to `true`.

>     # The obfuscation of arguments in the db.statement attribute is disabled by default.
>     # To enable, set enable_statement_obfuscation to true.
>     enable_statement_obfuscation: false,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # The obfuscation of arguments in the db.statement attribute is enabled by default.
    # To disable, set enable_statement_obfuscation to false.
    enable_statement_obfuscation: true,
```
